Elevator Algorithm:
Compare current floor to target floor.
	If current floor is higher, press down button.
	If current floor is lower, press up button.
Wait for elevator doors to open.
	Compare elevator's direction to direction to target floor.
	If directions do not match, wait for doors to close.  
		Continue to wait for elevator doors to open.
	If directions do match, board elevator.
Start at the top left button.  
	If the number matches the number for target floor, press it.
		Otherwise, consider the button to the right.  If there is no button to the right, consider the button at the far left, one row down.
			Continue to examine buttons in this manner until the button matching the target floor has been pressed.
Wait for doors to open.
	Compare current floor to target floor.
		If current floor is the same as target floor, exit elevator.
		If current floor is not the same as target floor, wait for doors to close.  Continue to wait for doors to open.


Danny's Laundry Algorithm:
Sort dirty clothing.
	Pick up a piece of clothing.
		If it is a shirt, put in shirt pile.
		If it is pants, check that pockets are empty.
			Put in pants pile.
		Otherwise, put in misc pile.
Put dirty linen in a linen pile.
Put each pile into a basket.
Take baskets.
For each pile, take 14 quarters.
Take detergent.
Go to laundry room.
For each pile:
	Go to first washer.
	Verify washer is empty.
		If washer is not empty, go to next washer to verify.
		If no washers are empty, wait for someone to empty.
	Measure 1/2 cap of detergent.
	Open washer.
	Pour detergent into empty washer.
	Place each item from the basket into washer.
	Close washer.
	Select mode:
		If shirts, use mode energy saving cold.
		If pants, use mode energy saving warm.
		If misc, use mode energy saving hot.
		If linen, use mode energy saving cold.
	Fill each coin slot with a quarter.
	Slide coin tray.  (Washer starts automatically)
When washer stops:
	Go to first dryer.
	Verify dryer is empty.
		If dryer is not empty, go to next dryer to verify.
		If no dryers are empty, wait for someone to empty.
	Open dryer.
	Empty lint tray.
	Place each wet item from the washer into dryer.
	Close dryer.
	Select mode:
		If shirts, use mode permenant press.
		If pants, use mode normal.
		If misc, use mode normal.
		If linen, use mode delicate.
	Fill each coin slot with a quarter.
	Slide coin tray.
	Press start.
When dryer stops:
	Open dryer.
	Empty lint tray to be nice for the next user.
	Place each dry item from the dryer into basket.
	Close dryer.
When all dryers have stopped:
	Take baskets.
	Go to bedroom.
	For each item in shirt pile:
		If button-down, put on hanger.
		Otherwise, fold and put in shirt drawer.
	For each item in pants pile:
		Fold and put in pants drawer.
	For each item in misc pile:
		If towel: put in bathroom closet.
		If sock: find a matching sock in pile.  Knot socks together and put in sock drawer. 
		If underwear: fold and put in underwear drawer
		If nightwear: fold and put in underwear drawer.
	For each item in linen pile:
		Fold and put in linen closet.